Welcome to this first
course of NLP in
which you'll learn
about classification
and vector spaces.
You'll also learn about the
application of these ideas to
problems like sentiment
analysis and word translation.
For example, let's say you
have 1,000 product reviews,
so pieces of texts
written by users.
Can you build a system
to automatically go
through all of these
product reviews to
figure out what
fraction of them are
positive reviews versus
negative reviews?
This course will teach you how.
Lucas, can you say a few words
about this first course?
Sure. In the first week,
you'll learn how to
represent text as
a vector and build a classifier
that will classify
whether a sample text
is a positive sentiment
or a negative one.
You will use logistic
regression for that.
In the second week,
you'll use the Naive Bayes
classifier on the same problem.
In the third week, you'll learn
about vector space models.
You'll learn how to represent
text documents like tweets,
articles, queries,
or any object that contains
of text as a vector.
This is important in
information retrieval,
in indexing, in
relevancy ranking,
and also in
information filtering.
For example, when you
look up a query online,
the algorithm relies on all of
these concepts to give
you back your results.
Finally, in week 4,
you will build your
first simple machine
translation system and
you'll make use of
locality sensitive hashing to
improve the performance of
nearest neighbor search.
Thanks, Eunice and Lucas.
With that, let's get started
and go on to the next video.